Oh.
It's time.
Director Chen, why can't they even come?
It's almost there.
Anyway, two people whose names are unknown.
You have to say good things behind the scenes.
I heard that this time Tran, the director of the main character, chose to cooperate with Luong Gia Dai without conflict.
If not in the back, there is a support group.
It's been eaten and dried.
Hey.
Sister, why didn't he come?
Did the lady who played big cards especially not come to the press conference?
This person is human.
Just doing a play is cheating.
Later in the entertainment world do not know what will happen.
Tran Tinh Ngoc, I see why this actress has not come yet. How should you get to this press conference?
Dare to oppose my kingdom.
This is your transonic tree.
Let's let our reporters do it.
Sister, wait for what you are not in a hurry, quickly take the puppy Qin.
Tran Tinh Ngoc, I want to see how you sing this monologue later.
Okay, I know.
You go down first.
Excuse me, Tran Dai.
I've heard.
You're making this play, it costs a lot of money.
After killing all of yesterday, I held this new press conference immediately.
But what about this situation at the scene?
The lead actress didn't seem to want to communicate with us.
Can I consider the behavior of the lead actress not to come to the press conference as playing the big brother?
Right?
Everybody.
Ladies and gentlemen, where is our mistress Van Cam?
High fever before the press conference
Being treated at the hospital
Now, on your way here, please understand.
But according to our current people,
Today he saw the shadow of Su Ngam Cam in front of your film crew's hotel.
How do you explain that?
It turns out that this guy showed up at the hotel.
That means he doesn't want to go to the scene.
The title of tomorrow is already there, and it is the female lead of the Great Five Emperors who does not want to go to the scene.
Send this trust configuration immediately
Sensitive headlines should be mine.
I brought this up, we've fermented ourselves enough.